download mixtapes not or owe me mango
bay doesn't it get my nigga get money
Chris Chris Rock he like a side so I
need a bad bitch a shy cuz he always
come never chased at make a nigga rich
i'm at a stash all my bitches bad like
scared straight and they all look better
with a hand straight ahead straight down
first day daddy killa pussy first for
the a cool tool on deck for you bitch
niggas looking at the jewels on my damn
kickstand strike McRae fucking running
maybe bitch by me and Dre Dre Miley had
grown with Molly at valley and the VIP
party Pratt buddypress cartier made her
go in the car yet rich let me see though
I like bad no oh hey
hey where I go there's no I'm heavy day
no big girl traffic is heavy weight ah
Silver's don't get like the military
when you got 29 leaky pepper take two
steps a step eatin good route crash
transaction pool at once your sunroof
left is the button on the door like
reading out yeah she'll be jumping onto
me imma nigga gettin money like me I can
make it get money like making money like
me get money like me and make it get
money like me like me and they get money
like they just funny like me sucka nigga
nigga some pie download this song for
free at download mixtapes org